add initial doc update (#12)
integr8ly/cloud-resource-operator: doc/redis.md

# Cloud Resource Operator - Redis

## Usage
To seed a Kubernetes/Openshift cluster with an example Redis resource:
```
$ make cluster/prepare 
$ make cluster/seed/redis
```

### AWS Strategy

> A JSON object containing two keys - `region`, which is the AWS region code. `strategy`, which is a JSON representation of [this struct](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/service/elasticache/#CreateReplicationGroupInput)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON object containing two keys: `region`, which is the [AWS region code](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ses_region), and `strategy`, which is a JSON representation of [this struct](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/service/elasticache/#CreateReplicationGroupInput)
```

### Kubernetes/Openshift Strategy

> For Kubernetes/Openshift the JSON object contains a single key, `strategy`. The `strategy` object can contain the  following keys which are used to overwrite specific object configuration: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes/Openshift the JSON object contains a single key, `strategy`. The `strategy` object can contain the  following keys, which are used to overwrite specific object configuration: 
```

# Cloud Resource Operator - Redis

## Usage
To seed a Kubernetes/Openshift cluster with an example Redis resource:
```
$ make cluster/prepare 
$ make cluster/seed/redis
```

## Strategy 
A config map object is expected to exist for each provider that will be used by the operator. This config map contains provider-specific information about how to deploy a particular resource type, such as blob storage. In the Cloud Resources Operator, this provider-specific configuration is called a strategy. An example of the AWS strategy can be seen [here](../deploy/examples/config_aws_strat.yaml)
### AWS Strategy
A JSON object containing two keys - `region`, which is the AWS region code. `strategy`, which is a JSON representation of [this struct](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/service/elasticache/#CreateReplicationGroupInput)

### Kubernetes/Openshift Strategy

> For Kubernetes/Openshift a JSON object containing a single key `strategy`, under strategy is the following keys which are used to overwrite the object specs:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, my version might not be very clear but I was a bit confused by this sentence when I first read it 
```suggestion
For Kubernetes/Openshift the JSON object contains a single key, `strategy`. The `strategy` object can contain the  following keys which are used to overwrite specific object configuration: 
```
